--- PAGE 2 ---
Acknowledgement
First and foremost, I would like to express my deepest gratitude to the Uni-
versity of Engineering and Technology – Vietnam National University, Hanoi, and
to all the lecturers and staff of the Faculty of Information Technology for provid-
ing me with an excellent academic environment throughout the past four years.
The knowledge, guidance, and values I received during my time here have laid the
foundation for the successful completion of this thesis.
I am especially thankful to Dr. Le Khanh Trinh, my thesis advisor, for his
continuous support, insightful guidance, and valuable feedback during the entire
research process. He was the one who first inspired the idea behind this project
and has remained a constant source of encouragement throughout its development.
This thesis represents the most significant academic work I have undertaken, and
I sincerely dedicate its success to Dr. Trinh.
My sincere thanks also go to Hoang Thai Quang, my collaborator and partner
in building the core system behind this project. His contributions have been essen-
tial from the initial design stages to the ongoing development, and I look forward
to continuing our work together in the future.
I would also like to extend my appreciation to my fellow classmates and friends
who have accompanied me on this academic journey. Their companionship and
support made even the most challenging moments more bearable and rewarding.
Lastly, I am profoundly grateful to my family for their unwavering love, encour-
agement, and support, and to Tran Ngoc Ha, my dearest friend, whose presence and
emotional support helped me overcome many difficult times during this journey.
Without them, this accomplishment would not have been possible.

--- PAGE 3 ---
Assurance
I am Le Viet Viet Linh, student of class QH-2021-I/CQ-C-A-CLC3, cohort K66,
majoring in Computer Science at the University of Engineering and Technology –
Vietnam National University, Hanoi. I hereby declare that the thesis titled “AP-
PLICATION OF AGENTIC AI FOR RECOMMENDING SAFE COSMETICS
TO PREGNANT WOMEN” is the result of my own research.
All content, analysis, and results presented in this thesis are authentic and
based on my independent work. Any information referenced from external sources
has been properly cited. I take full responsibility for this declaration.
Ha Noi, 09/05/2025
Student
Le Viet Viet Linh
i

--- PAGE 4 ---
Abstract
The consumption and shopping of cosmetics are common habits among women. How-
ever, a significant portion of users are either unaware of or underestimate the potential risks
that cosmetic ingredients may pose. Among the most sensitive group are pregnant women,
whose desire for beauty often increases due to sudden changes in both their psychology
and appearance. Although there are many highly accurate and reputable sources of infor-
mation backed by scientific organizations, such knowledge is neither widely disseminated
nor easily accessible to the general public.
This thesis describes the development and deployment process of a system that serves
as a solution for searching and alerting information related to the safety of cosmetic prod-
ucts and ingredients. The system’s core foundation is built upon a robust dataset, con-
structed through the collection and processing of scientifically validated information from
an reputable organization. In addition, the thesis proposes a method that combines lan-
guage models and retrieval tools to operate as a chain of agents, thereby generating human-
friendly responses and acting as a virtual assistant for cosmetic safety.
Keywords: Web Crawling, Data Augmentation, Chromium Extension, Multi Agent
LLM, Cosmetics Safety
ii

--- PAGE 5 ---
Contents
Acknowledgement
Assurance i
Abstract ii
Table of contents iii
List of Figures v
List of Tables vi
List of Abbreviations vii
Chapter 1 Introduction 1
1.1 Motivation . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1
1.2 Objectives . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2
1.3 Outlines . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2
Chapter 2 Background Knowledge 4
2.1 Core components and frameworks . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4
2.1.1 EWG Skindeep . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 4
2.1.2 Scrapy . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5
2.1.3 Chrome Manifest V3 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 5
2.1.4 FastAPI . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6
2.2 Applying technologies for enhancements . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 6
2.2.1 LangChain . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7
2.2.2 DuckDuckGo Search & Crawl4AI . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 7
2.3 Evaluating methods for chatbot responses . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 8
Chapter 3 Application of Agentic AI for Cosafe system 9
iii

--- PAGE 6 ---
3.1 Cosafe - Cosmetics Safety Recommendation System for Pregnant Women 9
3.1.1 Data module . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 10
3.1.2 Extension module . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 16
3.1.3 Server module . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 19
3.2 Multiple Agent Pipeline . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 21
3.3 Query Agent for Internet Information . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 26
Chapter 4 Experiments and Evaluations 27
4.1 Implementation of the Cosafe system . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 27
4.1.1 Retrieve and augment the dataset . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 27
4.1.2 Bundle and publish the extension . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35
4.1.3 Deploy and maintain the server . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 42
4.2 Enhancement with the multi-agent pipeline . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 45
4.3 Evaluating the chat response’s quality . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 50
Conclusion 54
References 56
iv

--- PAGE 7 ---
List of Figures
3.1 General crawling workflow. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 11
3.2 Phases of the data processing procedure. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 11
3.3 Flowchart of the augmentation method. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 14
3.4 The interaction flow after integrating the server module. . . . . . . . 20
3.5 Flowchart of the agent pipeline. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 22
3.6 Flowchart of the retrieving information process. . . . . . . . . . . . . 24
3.7 Overview of the agent pipeline. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 26
4.1 Cosmetics product categories listed on EWG’s landing page. 1 . . . . 28
4.2 Products listed and paginated by EWG on a single category. 2 . . . . 29
4.3 Information given on a single product page. 3 . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 29
4.4 Ingredients list section in the product detail page. 4 . . . . . . . . . . 31
4.5 Information given on a single ingredient page. 5 . . . . . . . . . . . . 32
4.6 Structure of categories presented on Cocolux. 6 . . . . . . . . . . . . . 33
4.7 Ingredients list of a single product given by Cocolux. 7 . . . . . . . . . 34
4.8 Total items stored in the database. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 34
4.9 Browserify’s description on its landing page. 8 . . . . . . . . . . . . . 37
4.10 ReactJS and Vite, two popular tools used for frontend web developing. 9 38
4.11 Browser’s interface to install the extension manually.10 . . . . . . . . 39
4.12 Chrome Web Store Developer Dashboard’s user interface. . . . . . . . 40
4.13 Permission clarifications before submitting to Chrome Web Store. . . 40
4.14 Cosafe extension published page on Chrome Web Store. . . . . . . . 41
4.15 Cosafe extension’s analytics until 05/05/2025. . . . . . . . . . . . . . 42
4.16 API endpoints offered by the server module. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 43
4.17 Tunnels created on CloudFlare Dashboard. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 43
4.18 Separated cosafe-m4 tunnel dedicated for this thesis. . . . . . . . . . 44
v

--- PAGE 10 ---
Chapter 1
Introduction
1.1 Motivation
Shopping and beauty care have always been essential parts of everyday life for
women [1]. With the rapid rise of e-commerce platforms [2] and the widespread
use of social media, it’s now common to see advertisements or product suggestions
for cosmetics across the digital space [3]. However, this convenience also raises a
concern: consumers often overlook or are unaware of safety warnings or ingredient
information for each product.
This issue is particularly pressing for pregnant women - a group that is espe-
cially sensitive to these concerns [4]. During pregnancy, both physical appearance
and hormone levels undergo significant changes, often increasing the desire to en-
hance one’s appearance. While most cosmetics are used through absorption or
direct contact with the skin, certain chemical ingredients in these products may
have potential health impacts [5]. Even though manufacturers often claim these
substances are used within safe limits, each individual absorbs and reacts to these
chemicals differently. Pregnant women, in particular, tend to have heightened
sensitivity to substances that penetrate the body.
There are already public resources available for checking cosmetic products
and ingredient safety, such as: EWG SkinDeep [6] by the Environmental Working
Group or INCIDecoder [7] by the Personal Care Product Council. Howerver, most
users either aren’t aware of them or find it inconvenient to look up information
every time they consider buying a cosmetic product. Recognizing this gap, Cosafe
- the Cosmetics Safety Recommendation System was developed. It acts as an
automatic lookup and warning tool to alert users of potential risks associated with
cosmetic products and their ingredients.
However, the current system functions primarily as a search engine. Its ability
to retrieve and deliver information to users is still limited by a static dataset that
is updated periodically. This report proposes a new pipeline that incorporates a
1

--- PAGE 11 ---
sequence of AI agents to enhance Cosafe’s capabilities-enabling it to respond to
users in a more conversational, human-friendly manner like a virtual assistant,
while also overcoming the limitations of relying solely on static data.
1.2 Objectives
This thesis presents an overview of a platform system named Cosafe, implemented
as a browser extension that enables users to detect and look up health-related
concerns and safety levels of cosmetic products. In its latest deployed version,
the chatbot functionality mainly serves as a lookup tool for retrieving information
from a prebuilt dataset. The thesis proposes an enhanced approach by introducing
a multi-agent model design that leverages free, lightweight language models in
combination with supporting tools and libraries to generate high-quality, user-
friendly responses tailored for cosmetic queries. The core objectives of this proposed
method are:
• To improve the system’s ability to generate human-friendly responses, func-
tioning more like a helpful assistant.
• To take advantage of free and moderate-quality language models that require
low computational resources.
• To utilize agents capable of retrieving real-time data, overcoming limitations
caused by reliance on a static dataset.
1.3 Outlines
This thesis is structured into five chapters. This chapter introduces the motiva-
tion behind the research, focusing on the health risks of cosmetic ingredients for
pregnant women and the need for a automated, human-friendly recommendation
system. Chapter II presents the background knowledge and core technologies used
in the system, including data sources, frameworks, and libraries. Chapter III de-
tails the architecture and components of the Cosafe system, with a focus on the
integration of a multi-agent AI pipeline to provide personalized, human-friendly
responses. Chapter IV discusses the implementation and deployment processes,
2

--- PAGE 13 ---
Chapter 2
Background Knowledge
Chapter 2 provides the technical background and foundational components neces-
sary for building the Cosafe system. It begins by introducing the core technologies
used in the initial implementation, such as EWG Skindeep for credible cosmetic
data, Scrapy for web scraping, Chrome Manifest V3 for browser extension develop-
ment, and FastAPI for server-side processing. The chapter then explores advanced
tools used to enhance the system’s intelligence, including LangChain for orches-
trating language models and DuckDuckGo Search with Crawl4AI for real-time
information retrieval.
2.1 Core components and frameworks
2.1.1 EWG Skindeep
The Environmental Working Group (EWG) 2 is an organization composed of ex-
perts in various fields related to environmental health. Among its programs is
EWG Skin Deep, created by a team of scientists, formulators, and toxicologists
with the goal of building a comprehensive database of personal care products and
their ingredients, particularly cosmetics. Launched in 2004, the program aims to
educate the public community about the ingredients in health and beauty products,
helping consumers better understand potential risks and health issues associated
with the products they use [8].
As of December 2024, EWG has provided information on 120,996 products
from 5,911 brands. Each product is assigned a safety score on a scale of 0 to 10,
accompanied by a list of potential concerns. Similarly, for each ingredient listed in a
product’s detailed information, EWG offers a score, associated risks, and a detailed
description of the ingredient. This valuable database serves as the foundation for
building and developing this study’s dataset.
2https://www.ewg.org/
4

--- PAGE 15 ---
and June 2025 [11]. By adopting Manifest V3 from the very beginning, this system
is able to leverage the latest features provided by Chrome while ensuring long-term
maintainability and compatibility of the extension.
2.1.4 FastAPI
FastAPI1 is a web framework for building API servers, widely recognized as one
of the fastest-performing frameworks in the Python ecosystem [12]. Among al-
ternatives like Java SpringBoot 2, Node Express.js 3, or more established Python
frameworks such as Flask 4 and Django5, FastAPI was chosen for two key reasons:
its simplicity in development and quick setup, and its native compatibility with
AI-related libraries.
FastAPI features a clean and intuitive syntax, allowing developers to spin up
a minimal working server with very little boilerplate. Compared to frameworks
from other languages, FastAPI stands out due to its use of Python - the same
language powering most modern AI libraries and models. This alignment enables
more seamless integration with AI tools and makes the system easier to maintain
and extend in AI-powered applications.
2.2 Applying technologies for enhancements
The libraries and technologies mentioned earlier form the backbone of the system’s
foundational version. This study proposes a solution to enhance the advanced
search functionality of the chat interface within the extension, by designing a
pipeline composed of multiple Agents. These Agents can include language models,
search engines, and web data extraction tools. The core technologies supporting
the implementation of these Agents include LangChain, DuckDuckGo Search, and
Crawl4AI.
1https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/
2https://spring.io/projects/spring-boot
3https://expressjs.com/
4https://flask.palletsprojects.com/en/stable/
5https://www.djangoproject.com/
6

--- PAGE 16 ---
2.2.1 LangChain
LangChain is a framework designed for developing AI-powered applications, pro-
viding a standardized interface that integrates a wide range of language models
from providers such as OpenAI1, Google AI2, xAI3, and others [13]. Its use enables
simultaneous experimentation with or deployment of multiple models - each offer-
ing unique strengths in tasks such as context understanding, long-text processing,
or reasoning. Specifically in the context of this system’s development, LangChain
allows the integration and parallel testing of two language models: Gemini 2.0
Flash4 from Google and Grok 2 5 from xAI.
2.2.2 DuckDuckGo Search & Crawl4AI
DuckDuckGo Search (or DDGS) is a free and widely-used search engine. Compared
to other available solutions like SerpAPI 6 or Bing by Azure 7, DDGS offers several
advantages: it is completely free, imposes no request limits, and does not require
API key registration. Additionally, DDGS provides a dedicated Python library,
duckduckgo-search8, and is natively supported by LangChain [14], making it easy
to integrate as a tool within language model workflows.
Crawl4AI9 is an open-source library for web crawling and scraping, specifically
tailored for applications involving large language models (LLMs). In addition
to basic web scraping capabilities, it features built-in support for returning web
content in markdown format - a common input format for LLMs [15]. Crawl4AI
also provides specialized functions that allow seamless integration of LLMs into
the crawling process. This enables generation of outputs that are preprocessed
using LLMs, such as noise filtering, content summarization, formatting, and text
restructuring. As a tool for dynamically collecting new data from the internet to
feed agent responses, Crawl4AI is particularly well-suited.
1https://openai.com/
2https://ai.google/
3https://x.ai/
4https://cloud.google.com/vertex-ai/generative-ai/docs/models/gemini/2-0-flash
5https://grok.com/
6https://serpapi.com/
7https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/bing/apis/bing-web-search-api
8https://pypi.org/project/duckduckgo-search/
9https://github.com/unclecode/crawl4ai
7

--- PAGE 19 ---
Thai Quang contributed to building the data storage system using ElasticSearch
and vectorizing special data fields from original data items.
The extension module includes tasks such as setting up the base project for
the extension, building the logic to traverse and highlight data on the user in-
terface, developing the extension’s chatbot UI, and packaging and deploying the
extension. The author contributed by structuring the extension project, dividing
its components and functionalities, building the data browsing and highlighting
features, designing the chatbot UI, and packaging and deploying the extension.
Specifically, the author developed the first base versions of the extension, which
included basic highlighting and chat functionalities. In later versions, the chatbot
interface was upgraded by integrating a sub-project using the ReactJS framework.
To package and deploy the extension, the author combined Browserify and Vite,
produced the final product, and submitted it to the Chrome Web Store. Hoang
Thai Quang contributed by optimizing the extension’s core functionality: DOM
tree traversal logic on the user interface, as well as extracting and highlighting
cosmetic products/ingredients using spaCy.
The server module includes tasks such as setting up the server project archi-
tecture, packaging business logic transferred from the extension, and deploying the
system to a public domain name. The author contributed to building the project
foundation, organizing the endpoints, and migrating the business logic from the ex-
tension (written in JavaScript) to a FastAPI server implemented in Python. Hoang
Thai Quang contributed by packaging the system with Docker and deploying it to
the public domain name.
3.1.1 Data module
To build a foundational dataset that supports the system’s various features, the
data module is divided into three stages: collection, processing, and augmentation.
Initially, the core data is gathered from reputable sources with scientific credibility
and evidence. This dataset is organized into two separate indexes: one for products
and one for ingredients.
10

--- PAGE 22 ---
ingredient’s overall safety score and the list of concern ratings assigned to its asso-
ciated effects or components. The goal is to identify and reject any inconsistent or
potentially erroneous data entries in the ingredient dataset.
The algorithm accepts two inputs: the ingredient’s safety score S (an integer
typically ranging from 0 to 10, where 0 indicates maximum safety and 10 indicates
highest concern), and a list C containing textual concern ratings (e.g., ”LOW”,
”MODERATE”, ”HIGH”) corresponding to individual aspects of the ingredient.
The logic proceeds as follows:
• Case 1: Score = 0 (Maximum Safety) If the safety score is 0, it implies
that the ingredient is deemed entirely safe. In this case, all concern ratings in
the list C must be ”LOW” . If any concern in C is found to be ”MODERATE”
or ”HIGH”, the item is considered inconsistent and is rejected.
• Case 2: Score = 10 (Maximum Concern) If the safety score is 10, it
reflects a high-risk ingredient. In this scenario, the algorithm expects at least
one concern rating to be either ”MODERATE” or ”HIGH” to justify the high
score. It iterates through the list C and flags whether such a concern is present.
If all concern ratings are merely ”LOW”, the item is marked as invalid and
rejected, since this contradicts the seriousness implied by a score of 10.
• All Other Cases: For scores in the range between 1 and 9, or any score
not specifically handled by the strict rules above, the algorithm assumes flex-
ibility in concern distribution. If no inconsistencies are detected, the item is
considered valid and accepted.
The result of this approach is a clean, foundational dataset optimized for search
operations, with references to scientific evidence for each data point. However, since
the original dataset was sourced from a scientific organization based in the United
States of America, it primarily reflects products available in North American and
European markets. To make the system more applicable and recognizable in the
Vietnamese market, a data augmentation phase was implemented. This involved
two main methods: generating Vietnamese aliases for the original products, and
crawling additional Vietnamese-market products, then labeling them based on their
ingredients.
13

--- PAGE 23 ---
For the alias generation method, the product naming conventions on major
Vietnamese e-commerce platforms were analyzed. The results showed that product
names typically follow a pattern combining the product category and the original
product name. Leveraging this pattern, Vietnamese aliases were systematically
generated for each product in the original dataset by combining available informa-
tion with the observed naming structure.
Figure 3.3: Flowchart of the augmentation method.
Figure 3.3 illustrates the data augmentation method: the original Vietnamese
data sources were previously excluded due to insufficient safety information about
the products or ingredients. Now, with a robust ingredient database that includes
safety levels and potential risks, additional products can be labeled reliably as long
as their ingredient lists are available.
14

--- PAGE 24 ---
Algorithm 2 Labeling Strategy for Supplemented Cosmetic Product Data
Require: Ingredient dataset D with concern levels ∈ {LOW, MODERATE,
HIGH}
Require: New product dataset P where each product has an IngredientList
Ensure: Each product is labeled with appropriate warning information
1: Initialize list HazardousIngredients←empty
2: for all ingredient i in dataset D do
3: if i.concernLevel̸= LOW then
4: Add (i.name, i.aliases, i.concernLevel) to HazardousIngredients
5: end if
6: end for
7: for all product p in dataset P do
8: Initialize list ProductConcerns←empty
9: for all ingredient ing in p.IngredientList do
10: for all (name, aliases, level) in HazardousIngredients do
11: if ing matches name or any alias in aliases then
12: Add level to ProductConcerns
13: end if
14: end for
15: end for
16: if ProductConcerns is not empty then
17: Determine HighestConcern←max severity in ProductConcerns
18: Assign warning label to p based on HighestConcern
19: else
20: Label p as No Hazards Detected
21: end if
22: end for
15

--- PAGE 25 ---
Algorithm 2 outlines a systematic approach for assigning warning labels to
newly added cosmetic product data based on ingredient safety concerns. The goal
is to identify products that contain potentially hazardous ingredients and provide
users with appropriate warnings.
The process is divided into two main stages:
• Building the Hazardous Ingredient List: From the standardized ingre-
dient dataset, which contains the names, aliases, and assigned concern levels
(LOW, MODERATE, HIGH), the algorithm filters out all ingredients with a
concern level other than LOW. These ingredients, along with their aliases and
concern ratings, are stored in a list called HazardousIngredients. This serves
as the reference list for identifying safety risks.
• Evaluating and Labeling Each Product: For each product in the new
dataset, the algorithm scans through its list of ingredients and compares each
one against the entries in HazardousIngredients. If a match is found - either
by direct name or through one of the aliases - the corresponding concern level
is recorded in the product’s ProductConcerns list.
If one or more hazardous ingredients are found, the algorithm determines the
highest concern level present and assigns a warning label to the product accordingly
(e.g., MODERATE or HIGH).
If no hazardous ingredients are detected, the product is labeled as No Hazards
Detected. This labeling strategy ensures that potential safety issues are flagged
early based on verified ingredient data.
3.1.2 Extension module
The extension module is developed and packaged as a browser plugin that runs
directly within the user’s browser. It delivers cosmetic-related information to users
in two modes: active - where the extension automatically scans content as the user
scrolls through a webpage, and passive - where it responds to user queries entered
through the built-in chat interface.
16

--- PAGE 28 ---
Users can trigger the chat in one of three ways: by clicking the extension icon in
the browser toolbar; selecting the ‘Chat with Cosafe’ option in the context menu
(opened by right-clicking while browsing); or clicking the floating button provided
by the extension, which appears next to any text segment detected and highlighted
by the previous scanning method.
The chat interface offers two search modes: basic and advanced. In basic
mode, the system responds quickly using a fixed format - displaying product safety
level, potential health concerns, and a few suggested URLs for safer alternatives.
In advanced mode, the system generates more natural, human-friendly responses,
resembling a search assistant. The following section focuses on enhancing and
expanding the capabilities of the advanced search mode.
3.1.3 Server module
In the early stages of system development, the extension module and the data
module operated directly with each other, with most of the logic handled and
packaged within the client. As the system grew in complexity and demanded
a more structured development and deployment process, the server module was
introduced to address these challenges.
Firstly, from a deployment standpoint, adding or updating features required
direct modifications to the client-side source code. This approach made the code-
base increasingly complex and harder to maintain, while also slowing down updates
due to the approval process required for each new version. To streamline this, data
handling and processing logic were offloaded to the server, rather than being bun-
dled into the client.
Secondly, when introducing advanced features - especially those powered by AI
or involving language models to improve accuracy and performance - these tasks
could not be efficiently handled on the client due to technical limitations. The
introduction of a dedicated server module to manage the entire data flow made it
easier to integrate more sophisticated technologies, as well as to deploy and update
new features more efficiently.
19

--- PAGE 29 ---
Figure 3.4: The interaction flow after integrating the server module.
Figure 3.4 illustrates the complete architecture with the integration of the
server. Users begin by interacting with the system through the browser extension
- either by simply browsing websites with the extension enabled or by engaging
directly via the chat interface. The extension then communicates with the server
by sending specific types of requests, such as detection, search, or product recom-
mendation. Upon receiving a request, the server categorizes it to determine the
appropriate handling approach. For simple lookup requests, the server directly
queries the database, retrieves the relevant results, and sends them back to the
extension. For more advanced requests, the server interacts with specialized sub-
modules powered by language models to filter and extract more complex results -
such as generating answers or identifying cosmetic-related phrases within a block
of text. Finally, the results are rendered by the extension in a user-friendly format,
using features like color highlighting or displaying chat-based responses.
20

--- PAGE 30 ---
3.2 Multiple Agent Pipeline
The problem arose during experiments using the Gemini 2.0 model via Google
API to generate human-friendly questions for the system’s response mechanism.
Directly feeding user queries along with embedded cosmetic product data into the
prompt resulted in poor-quality outputs: irrelevant responses, fabricated informa-
tion, incomplete answers, failure to align with the intended purpose of advising
and explaining cosmetic-related information, and - most critically - high instabil-
ity across repeated runs with identical input. Given the constraint of only using
medium-tier or free-of-charge language models, which perform well mainly on sim-
ple to average tasks, the proposed pipeline was designed to pre-break down the
reasoning flow. This approach allows the language models to handle only simpli-
fied thinking steps, using their stable output to guide subsequent decisions more
reliably.
Figure 3.5 illustrates the reasoning flow of the pipeline, which is designed to
predefine and narrow down the scope of decisions made by the language model.
Instead of requiring the model to analyze all the details of the user input, the first
agent is solely responsible for identifying the intention of the input. The range
and definition of possible intentions are clearly specified in the prompt: the user is
either looking to search for or seek suggestions of cosmetics, or they are asking an
unrelated question. The instruction for the first agent is given as below:
Intention Determiner Agent Prompt
System prompt: You are a language model that can determine whether a
user’s message is asking for suggestions or searching for cosmetics products or
ingredients.
- Respond in a JSON format with the following key: "intent",
"cosmetic object".
- If the user is searching for a product, respond with "search" and cos-
metic object with the name of the product or ingredient.
- If the question is not related to cosmetics, respond with "irrelevant".
- Do not use Markdown formatting.
Prompt: Original message from the user
21

--- PAGE 32 ---
information about the identity of the Cosafe system, and its task is to introduce
and guide the user in asking questions that align with the system’s purpose. Any
other corner cases will be forwarded to this fallback agent. The agent’s instructions
are defined as follows:
Fallback Agent Prompt
System prompt: You are Cosafe, a cosmetics safety assistant.
- Your task is to answer questions related to cosmetics accurately and helpfully.
- If the question is not related to cosmetics, politely inform the user that you
cannot answer and suggest they ask a more relevant question about cosmetics.
- If the user is trying to learn more about you, introduce yourself as Cosafe and
then encourage them to ask a question about cosmetics.
- In other cases, there is no need to introduce yourself.
- Always respond in Vietnamese with a gentle and respectful tone.
Prompt: Original message from the user
On the other hand, if the user’s message is identified as having the intent of
searching for or requesting suggestions about a cosmetic product, the agent pro-
ceeds to extract the text segment that corresponds to the name of the ingredient
or product in question. To avoid overwhelming the model with excessive informa-
tion and to stay within the token limit of subsequent agents, the agent will refuse
to respond if the user requests information about more than one cosmetic item
in a single message. The extracted text segment is then used to query the pre-
constructed dataset, and the type of result returned will determine which agent
the pipeline proceeds to next.
23

--- PAGE 33 ---
Figure 3.6: Flowchart of the retrieving information process.
Figure 3.6 illustrates the decision flow of the system upon receiving data re-
trieval results. Among the two indices, the product dataset is queried with higher
priority; only if no match is found will the system attempt querying the ingredient
dataset. If no data is found in either index, the flow is redirected to an internet
retrieval agent.
For successful queries, the JSON object retrieved from ElasticSearch is then
formatted to retain only the key information fields before being passed to the
prompt-generation agent. During this formatting step, if the object originates
from the base dataset (referred to as the EWG dataset), most of its original fields
24

--- PAGE 34 ---
are preserved without significant transformation.
Algorithm 4 Supplementing Crawled Data Objects with Concern Ingredient Info
Require: Crawled data object with field Label
Require: Ingredient dataset with concern levels (LOW, MODERATE, HIGH)
Ensure: Augmented object with embedded concern ingredient list
1: if Label = "Potentially Harmful" then
2: Query IngredientList from the data object
3: Initialize list ConcernIngredients as empty
4: for all ingredient in IngredientList do
5: Retrieve concern level of ingredient
6: if concern level∈{MODERATE, HIGH}then
7: Add ingredient to ConcernIngredients
8: end if
9: end for
10: Embed ConcernIngredients into the original data object
11: end if
return Updated data object
Algorithm 4 describes the concerns-inferencing process for generating addi-
tional data fields for objects obtained from crawled data that augment the original
dataset. These objects come with labels that were pre-assigned during the aug-
mentation process described earlier. If the label is Potentially Harmful, the agent
proceeds to query the ingredient list of the returned object. All queried ingredi-
ent entries with a concern level greater than LOW (specifically, MODERATE and
HIGH) will be directly embedded into the previously returned JSON object.
After receiving the raw data in JSON object format, the translation agent
converts the information into Vietnamese paragraph. This data, along with the
user’s original message, is then passed to the prompt engineer agent to generate a
complete prompt. The output from this agent serves as the input for the responder
agent, which in turn produces the system’s final response.
25

--- PAGE 35 ---
3.3 Query Agent for Internet Information
For the case where a user queries data that does not exist in the current dataset, this
agent is specifically designed to attempt to supplement information by retrieving
data from the internet in real-time. However, this solution comes with certain
risks, as real-time retrieved data typically has less reliable foundations compared
to the information that has been thoroughly crawled and processed in the system’s
curated dataset. Therefore, this agent is reserved as the final fallback option, only
activated when both internal indexes return no matching results to the user query.
Figure 3.7: Overview of the agent pipeline.
The figure 3.7 illustrates the overall workflow of the agent, which consists of
a lightweight language model, a search engine, and a specialized crawler library
tailored for LLM applications. Initially, the agent receives a term that the user
wants to search for (already identified as a product or cosmetic ingredient). Based
on this term, the search engine performs an internet search and retrieves the top five
results, including URLs and titles. These results are passed through the language
model to evaluate and select the title most relevant to the user’s query. The URL of
the highest-ranked result is then sent to the crawler tool to extract the full content.
This content is returned in markdown format and fed into the language model.
Finally, the LLM summarizes the extracted content into a concise paragraph, which
is handed back to the main pipeline for further processing. If the summarized
content is not evaluated as relevant to the original term, the LLM would still
return a text content signaling that no suitable ` ınformation were found.
26

--- PAGE 37 ---
Figure 4.1: Cosmetics product categories listed on EWG’s landing page. 1
Figure 4.1 illustrates the interface of the category list on the EWG landing
page. Each small text block within the columns contains URLs that lead to the
listing pages of products belonging to that specific category. As shown in the figure,
each category is associated with two higher-level parent categories. For example,
the category ‘Anti Aging’ belongs to the ‘Face’ category, and ‘Face’ is nested under
the ‘Face & Body’ category. This hierarchical information is not available when
directly accessing a product’s detailed information page. However, it is particu-
larly valuable for the search and recommendation functions of the Cosafe system.
Therefore, the system’s Scrapy spiders are designed to capture and store these
category fields into metadata before proceeding to subsequent endpoints.
1Source: https://www.ewg.org/skindeep/
28

--- PAGE 39 ---
Figure 4.3 illustrates the detailed information provided by EWG for a single
product. Based on the returned HTML structure, the extractable data includes
the following:
• Product URL : serves as a primary key to store the item in the database,
can later be used to trace the information or references in suggestions.
• Product name : use for detection in webpages text contents.
• Brand: supports both suggestion (e.g. related products of the same brand)
and detection (product names often include brand name).
• Product categories : use for suggestion features as products in a same cate-
gory provide similar functionalities.
• Description: use to provide or reference information from manufacturer/dis-
tributor.
• Image(s): one or more image urls provided by EWG.
• Ingredient list : an array-formatted ingredients list, extracted and analyzed
by EWG.
• Ingredients as labeled on packaging : information list from the product
package.
• List of potential concerns related to the product and its ingredients :
covering four fixed factors (including Cancer, Allergies & Immunotoxicity, De-
velopmental and Reproductive Toxicity, Use Restrictions).
• Safety score : a score scaled from 0 to 10 assigned by EWG using their
validating factors.
As previously mentioned, EWG only returns the most specific (lowest-level)
category of a product on its detail page. In this case, parent category information
is retrieved from metadata by the spiders and appended to the crawled product
object. For example, the product shown in Figure 4.3 will be crawled with a
2Source: https://www.ewg.org/skindeep/
30

--- PAGE 40 ---
categories field containing an array: ‘Bronzer/Highlighter’, ‘Face’, ‘Makeup’ (based
on the category hierarchy illustrated in Figure 4.1).
The system’s initial approach to collecting cosmetic ingredient data was to
leverage the search bar on the EWG website. By brute-forcing all alphabetical
prefixes, this method was theoretically expected to retrieve the complete dataset
available on EWG. However, this approach proved to be suboptimal in terms of
both time efficiency and network resource usage. In practice, experiments showed
that the resulting output was still missing data compared to the expected list. This
data deficiency was discovered by cross-referencing the list of ingredient names
extracted from the previously collected product dataset.
Figure 4.4: Ingredients list section in the product detail page. 1
Figure 4.4 illustrates the list of ingredients already available during the prod-
uct data collection phase, with URLs linking to the detail pages embedded directly
within each text section. Realizing the potential to leverage this list for a more
complete and efficient crawling strategy, the system proceeded to extract and filter
out the unique URLs of each ingredient detail page. This resulted in a compre-
hensive, non-redundant set of URLs, which was then assigned to the start urls
attribute of Scrapy spiders for data collection.
1Source: https://www.ewg.org/skindeep/
31

--- PAGE 41 ---
Figure 4.5: Information given on a single ingredient page. 1
Figure 4.5 illustrates the data provided by EWG on a detailed ingredient page.
Based on the returned HTML structure, the extracted information fields include:
• Ingredient URL : serve as a primary key to store the item in the database,
can later be used to trace the information or references in suggestions.
• Ingredient primary name : use for detection in webpages text contents.
• Description: a brief description about the chemical’s information and fea-
tures.
• Image: one or more image urls provided by EWG.
• Alias list: a list other appearing name of this chemical/compound, explained
as below.
• Min score : the minimum safety score assigned by EWG, explained as below.
• Max score : the maximal safety score assigned by EWG, explained as below.
1Source: https://www.ewg.org/skindeep/
32

--- PAGE 43 ---
Figure 4.6 illustrates the list and structure of cosmetic product categories
available from the Cocolux source. The only notable difference lies in the fact that
most of these category names are listed in Vietnamese. To ensure a structurally
consistent dataset, these Vietnamese-language category fields are defined and au-
tomatically mapped to align with the existing category schema in the database.
Figure 4.7: Ingredients list of a single product given by Cocolux. 1
Figure 4.7 illustrates the most critical part of the data collected from Cocolux:
the ingredient list of each product. By collecting, standardizing, analyzing, and
processing the text segments containing these ingredients, the system can auto-
matically assign safety labels to the original products gathered from Cocolux. This
process plays a pivotal role in generating an augmented dataset to complement the
original one.
Figure 4.8: Total items stored in the database.
Figure 4.8 illustrates the total number of items collected and stored in the
database. Throughout the stages, the data module of the Cosafe system has suc-
cessfully constructed a well-structured dataset architecture with strong scalability,
1Source: https://cocolux.com/
34

--- PAGE 45 ---
12 ],
13 "icons": {
14 "128": "icons/cosafe128.png"
15 },
16 "action": {
17 "default_title": "Click to chat with Cosafe",
18 "default_icon": "icons/cosafe128.png",
19 "default_popup": "index.html"
20 },
21 "side_panel": {
22 "default_path": "index.html"
23 },
24 "content_scripts": [
25 {
26 "js": [
27 "scripts/content.js"
28 ],
29 "matches": [
30 "<all_urls>"
31 ]
32 }
33 ],
34 "background": {
35 "service_worker": "scripts/services/background.js"
36 },
37 }
Listing 4.1: Content of Cosafe’s manifest file.
Listing 4.1 presents a simplified version containing only the essential details
of the manifest.json file. This file declares key information such as the manifest
version, project version, and the access permissions requested by Chrome. Of
particular importance are the two fields: side panel and content scripts.
In the side panel section, the default path attribute specifies the path to the
HTML file used to render the extension’s user interface within the browser’s side
panel. In the content scripts section, the js attribute defines the independent
JavaScript files that are injected directly into the user’s web browser. These scripts
perform tasks such as manipulating the DOM tree, modifying the interface, or
calling system APIs.
36

--- PAGE 52 ---
Figure 4.16: API endpoints offered by the server module.
Figure 4.16 illustrates the API interface provided by the server. This documen-
tation interface is a built-in feature of FastAPI and can be accessed via the /docs
endpoint. The three main endpoints supporting the system’s core functionalities
include /safety, /basic-search, and /advance-search. The specific purposes
of each endpoint are as follows:
• Safety: Accepts an input text segment returned from the browser extension
and outputs a color code representing the identified safety level of the input.
• Basic Search : Serves as the default chatbot function of the system. If the
input matches an item in the database, the system returns information in a
fixed format, including basic safety details or suggestions for similar products
(if available).
• Advanced Search: An advanced chatbot function developed using the method
proposed in this thesis. It aims to handle inputs expressed in natural language
questions and produce more human-friendly responses.
Figure 4.17: Tunnels created on CloudFlare Dashboard.
43

--- PAGE 54 ---
4.2 Enhancement with the multi-agent pipeline
The agent pipeline of the system incorporates two main language models: Grok-
2 by xAI and Gemini 2.0 Flash by Google. These models are configured and
invoked through the LangChain framework. Supporting these models are inte-
grated libraries for search engines, data crawling, and data retrieval, which are
pre-configured as tools callable either via LangChain’s tool interface or directly
through programming syntax. For tasks requiring high accuracy or stable response
quality, the system primarily leverages Grok-2 to ensure output reliability. In con-
trast, Gemini 2.0 Flash is utilized for tasks involving large input contexts or for
basic purposes such as data summarization.
1 from google import genai
2
3 API_KEY = os.getenv(’GOOGLE_API_KEY’)
4 client = genai.Client(api_key=API_KEY)
5 model = "gemini-2.0-flash"
6
7 response = client.models.generate_content(
8 model=model,
9 config=types.GenerateContentConfig(
10 system_instruction=<system_prompt>
11 ),
12 contents=[<user_prompt>]
13 )
Listing 4.4: Config code for Gemini calling.
Listing 4.4 illustrates the syntax used to invoke the Gemini 2.0 Flash model.
Within the LangChain framework, Gemini models can only be accessed via the
Google Vertex AI platform. However, this method incurs charges and does not
support access to free-tier models. Therefore, the system adopts a simpler approach
by utilizing the genai library provided directly by Google.
1 from langchain_xai import ChatXAI
2
3 XAI_API_KEY = os.getenv(’XAI_API_KEY’)
4
5 llm = ChatXAI(
6 model="grok-2-latest",
45

--- PAGE 55 ---
7 temperature=0,
8 max_tokens=None,
9 timeout=None,
10 max_retries=2,
11 )
12
13 message = [
14 ("system", <system_prompt>),
15 ("user", <user_prompt>)
16 ]
17
18 response = llm.invoke(message)
Listing 4.5: Config code for Grok calling.
Listing 4.5 illustrates the syntax for invoking the latest version of the Grok-2
model. Initially, the system intended to use LangChain to call the Grok model
in order to directly bind retrieval and data access tools into the model chain.
However, this approach did not yield satisfactory results and encountered errors.
Consequently, the tools were decoupled and invoked programmatically instead.
Nonetheless, since invoking the model through LangChain did not present any
issues, this method was retained.
1 async def find_products_by_name(query_data):
2 try:
3 headers = {
4 ’Content-Type’: ’application/json’,
5 ’Authorization’: AUTHORIZATION
6 }
7 body = await query.find_products_by_name_query(query_data)
8
9 async with aiohttp.ClientSession() as session:
10 async with session.post(ELASTIC_PRODUCT_URL, headers=headers,
11 data=json.dumps(body)) as res:
12 response = await res.json()
13
14 # other post-processing logic for data
Listing 4.6: Config code for Elastic calling.
Listing 4.6 illustrates one of the helper functions configured to enable the
model to retrieve data in support of answering user queries. For questions iden-
46

--- PAGE 56 ---
tified as relevant to data previously collected and stored in the data module, the
system queries ElasticSearch to retrieve raw data, processes the necessary fields,
and embeds the result into the prompt used by the response generation pipeline.
1 def search_duckduckgo(term: str, max_results: int = 5) -> List[Dict[ str, Any]]:
2 try:
3 with DDGS() as ddgs:
4 results = list(ddgs.text(term, max_results=max_results))
5 return results
6 except Exception as e:
7 print(f"Error searching DuckDuckGo: {e}")
8 return []
9
10
11 async def crawl_url(url: str, title: str = "") -> Optional[Dict[ str, Any]]:
12 try:
13 browser_config = BrowserConfig(
14 browser_type="chromium",
15 headless=False,
16 verbose=True,
17 use_managed_browser=True
18 )
19
20 run_config = CrawlerRunConfig(
21 markdown_generator=DefaultMarkdownGenerator(
22 content_filter=PruningContentFilter(threshold=0.48,
threshold_type="fixed", min_word_threshold=0)
23 )
24 )
25
26 crawler = AsyncWebCrawler(config=browser_config)
27 async with crawler as active_crawler:
28 result = await active_crawler.arun(
29 url=url,
30 config=run_config
31 )
32
33 return {
34 "url": url,
35 "title": title or result.metadata.title,
36 "raw_markdown": result.markdown.raw_markdown,
47

--- PAGE 57 ---
37 "fit_markdown": result.markdown.fit_markdown,
38 "metadata": result.metadata if isinstance (result.metadata, dict)
else (result.metadata.to_dict() if result.metadata else {})
39 }
40 except Exception as e:
41 print(f"Error crawling URL {url}: {e}")
42 return None
Listing 4.7: Config code for search engine and data crawler combination tool calling.
Listing 4.7 describes two core functions used to initialize and configure the
search engine and web crawler tools. As detailed in Chapter 3, the system in-
tegrates two libraries - DuckDuckGo Search for search engine functionality and
Crawl4AI for web data extraction. The operational workflow is as follows: the
tool receives a keyword extracted by another agent in a prior stage and submits it
to DuckDuckGo Search to perform an internet query. The resulting URLs of the
most relevant articles are then passed to Crawl4AI. As shown in the listing, this
library initializes a Chromium-based browser instance, loads the web pages, and
extracts content. The extracted content is subsequently processed by Grok and
summarized using Gemini, following the pipeline introduced in Chapter 3.
However, a critical bug emerged. The Crawl4AI library is designed to launch
a single browser instance per crawl session; if multiple sources are to be crawled, it
reuses the same instance, and terminates it once the process concludes. Initially,
when this tool was integrated into the agent pipeline and tested, it functioned as ex-
pected under all circumstances. The issue arose after deploying the tool within the
model-calling pipeline agent. In a FastAPI server process, if a tool invocation trig-
gers Crawl4AI, the browser instance ID initialized by the library gets cached within
the Python process managing the server. This results in subsequent invocations of
the tool (second, third, fourth, etc.) attempting to reuse the browser instance ID
from the first invocation. However, after the server completes the response asso-
ciated with that first invocation, the browser instance is automatically closed and
destroyed. Consequently, all later calls attempt to access a non-existent browser
instance, causing the error: BrowserType.launch: Target page, context or
browser has been closed.
1 async def run_search_agent_cli(term):
2 try:
48

--- PAGE 58 ---
3 process = await asyncio.create_subprocess_exec(
4 ’python’, ’search_cli.py’, term,
5 stdout=asyncio.subprocess.PIPE,
6 stderr=asyncio.subprocess.PIPE
7 )
8
9 stdout, stderr = await process.communicate()
10
11 if process.returncode != 0:
12 print(f"Error running search_cli.py: {stderr.decode()}")
13 return None, None
14
15 output = stdout.decode()
16
17 summary = None
18 source_url = None
19
20 for line in output.split(’\n’):
21 if line.startswith(’Summary: ’):
22 summary = line[ len(’Summary: ’):]
23 elif line.startswith(’Source URL: ’):
24 source_url = line[ len(’Source URL: ’):]
25
26 return summary, source_url
27 except Exception as e:
28 print(f"Exception running search_cli.py: {e}")
29 return None, None
Listing 4.8: Wrapping the tool invocation as a subprocess execution.
Listing 4.8 illustrates the solution adopted by the pipeline to address this issue.
Instead of attempting to modify the underlying library - which could introduce new
bugs and compromise existing functionality - the pipeline bypasses the problem by
encapsulating the search-and-crawl tool as an independent standalone program.
This standalone tool is invoked via a command-line interface (CLI), taking input
through command-line arguments and returning output via stdout. With this
design, for each request, the pipeline spawns a new subprocess to execute the tool,
which in turn initializes a new browser instance. Once the operation completes,
the subprocess is terminated, releasing all associated resources. This approach
effectively avoids instance caching and ensures the tool functions correctly within
49

--- PAGE 63 ---
Conclusion
Cosafe is a large-scale system with the goal of creating a solution for detecting
and searching for safe cosmetics for users, especially pregnant women. Throughout
the development process, this thesis has successfully implemented and deployed
a comprehensive system consisting of three foundational components, temporarily
referred to as: the data module, the extension module, and the server module.
The data module has proven effective in collecting and constructing a foundational
dataset on cosmetic safety, with a scalable architecture capable of integrating addi-
tional data sources. This was demonstrated through an augmentation and labeling
phase tailored specifically for the Vietnamese market. The extension module has
been deployed and made freely available to end users as a browser extension, easily
accessible and installable via the Chrome Web Store - enhancing the credibility of
the solution and building user trust. The server module serves both as a bridge
between the other two modules and as a solution to several of their inherent limi-
tations, while also enabling the development of future features and extensions.
For the enhanced chatbot version using the agentic AI approach proposed in
this thesis, the author added a new chatbot feature that allows the system to pro-
vide more user-friendly responses and handle special cases raised by users, instead
of giving rigid and inflexible responses like in the previous version. Additionally,
the agent pipeline enables the chatbot to perform basic internet searches, thereby
improving its ability to respond to information that does not yet exist in the sys-
tem’s dataset, rather than being fully dependent on the dataset as in the previous
version.
However, for each current core module of the system, there are still many lim-
itations and elements that have not been fully optimized. The data module has
been built and prepared with all components necessary to operate as a continu-
ous data crawling and augmentation system, based on the scientifically validated
EWG dataset. Creating a self-updating dataset helps increase the system’s recog-
nition rate and suggestion capability. The extension module has only integrated
a few basic features that meet the minimum requirements of the system. Adding
personalized features or enhancing user experience is both feasible and necessary
to attract more users. The server module was only recently developed to meet
54

--- PAGE 64 ---
functional requirements but still lacks performance optimization and security ele-
ments. A frequent issue is the appearance of a large number of unusual requests
to the server, attempting to access non-existent endpoints - possibly generated by
automated scanning tools seeking vulnerabilities or launching attacks.
System upgrade and feature expansion elements have already been planned and
designed for implementation in the next phase. These include: personalizing user
experience (e.g., suggesting product links only from platforms users prefer, such
as Tiki, Shopee, etc.); expanding recommendation functionalities (e.g., offering
information about food, drinks, and nutritional regimes for pregnant women); and
setting up a complete crawling pipeline that automatically handles data collection,
processing, storage, optimizing and reusing the previously implemented modules.
As of now, the Cosafe system in general - and the contributions of this thesis
in particular - have succeeded in being installed, deployed, and realizing the idea
of building a solution that supports consumers, especially pregnant women, in
identifying potential health risks when shopping for or selecting cosmetics. Cosafe
has delivered a useful and completely free solution to the community, with the
aim of improving the quality of life for cosmetic consumers and raising awareness
of reproductive health for the general public. With the integration of artificial
intelligence methods, Cosafe aspires to not only be a search tool but also a friendly
assistant for mothers-to-be in their journey of learning about cosmetics.
55

--- PAGE 66 ---
[11] chrome for developers. Manifest v2 support timeline. https:
//developer.chrome.com/docs/extensions/develop/migrate/
mv2-deprecation-timeline. Accessed: 2025-05-05.
[12] FastAPI. Fastapi benchmarks. https://fastapi.tiangolo.com/
benchmarks/#benchmarks-and-speed. Accessed: 2025-05-05.
[13] LangChain. Langchain introduction. https://python.langchain.com/
docs/introduction/. Accessed: 2025-05-05.
[14] LangChain. Duckduckgo search. https://python.langchain.com/docs/
integrations/tools/ddg/. Accessed: 2025-05-05.
[15] unclecode. Why crawl4ai? https://github.com/unclecode/crawl4ai?tab=
readme-ov-file#-why-crawl4ai . Accessed: 2025-05-05.
[16] Lianmin Zheng, Wei-Lin Chiang, Ying Sheng, Siyuan Zhuang, Zhanghao Wu,
Yonghao Zhuang, Zi Lin, Zhuohan Li, Dacheng Li, Eric P. Xing, Hao Zhang,
Joseph E. Gonzalez, and Ion Stoica. Judging llm-as-a-judge with mt-bench
and chatbot arena, 2023.
[17] sapphi red. React + typescript + vite. https://github.com/vitejs/vite/
blob/main/packages/create-vite/template-react-ts/package.json.
Accessed: 2025-05-05.
57
